Roman_numerals exercise
Instructions - part 1 👉 Read the Roman Numerals Kata requirements. You can find it in the following link: https://codingdojo.org/kata/RomanNumerals/ (there are many websites like Coding Dojo outlining the most popular Katas, one of them is the Roman Numerals Kata). 👉 Please note that the kata ‘clues’ section refers to some C# testing frameworks like XUnit, please ignore these. 👉 Solve the Roman Numerals kata in the programming language for the programme you are attending, if you are unsure, please reach out to a tech coach. 👉 Please set aside up to to make a start on this Kata, don’t worry if you don’t reach a full solution as this Kata is designed for you to practise test-driven development and understand the process. We don't expect you to have finished the solution but that you have had a good go at using Test-Driven Development.
💡Tips & Tricks on how to get started Set up your Code Editor / IDE beforehand so you’re ready to write the unit tests and code. Before you write your code, make sure you understand the problem statement. The Kata may seem large at first, so break it down into smaller, manageable pieces. Please note down your test cases, inputs and outputs on a notepad like Word / Notepad++ / piece of paper to validate your understanding. Use the Triple A Structure - Arrange, Act, Assert to guide you when writing your unit tests Use the RED - GREEN - REFACTOR cycle: Write one failing test first and write the simplest code to make that test pass, commit the code, then see if there is any opportunity to refactor. If not, move onto writing your next test and follow the cycle through as you build up your solution. Remember to consider a range of different test cases and edge cases.
💡Apply PseudoCode to help you think through your logic Pseudocode is a description of the steps for an algorithm and can be used to help you think through your logic.
